add guide to troubleshoot missing events (#6456)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/debug-missing-events.md

---
title: How to troubleshoot missing events
date: 2023-08-08
author: ["ian-vanagas"]
showTitle: true
sidebar: Docs
featuredImage: ../images/tutorials/banners/tutorial-10.png
tags: ['guides']
---

Missing events can be a pain to troubleshoot. This guide aims to help you diagnose and address the issue efficiently. There are three potential areas where the problem might originate:

1. The library is being used incorrectly. (this is usually the issue)
2. There is a bug within the library being used.
3. Events are not ingested after being received by PostHog.

## The library is being used incorrectly. (this is usually the issue)

1. Visit [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/) and copy “Your unique URL”.
2. Replace [posthog.com](https://app.posthog.com) (or [eu.posthog.com](https://eu.posthog.com) if using the EU Cloud) with “Your unique URL”.
3. Make sure that the SDK sends a couple of events.
4. See if the incoming events arrive as expected.

## There is a bug within the library being used.

> 1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.

Reviewer: note: there are also backend libraries

2. Look for the request that appears to be incorrect.

> 3. [Send a support ticket via the app](https://app.posthog.com/home#supportModal) including the network request.

Reviewer: The modal links take suffixes - make it select the `events ingestion` dropdown and `get support` or whatever. Also does it re-direct to eu.posthog.com for the modal usage, if they are a eu customer?

consider providing a helpful bug reporting format for users <- so I can tell them to send me the bug report in this format:
```
# Library:
# Library initialization:
# What was called:
# What was expected to happen:
# What actually happened:
```

For example:
```
# Library: 
posthog-python https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/python
# Library initialization:
from posthog import Posthog
posthog = Posthog(phc_yourAPIKey, host='app_or_eu.posthog.com')
# What was called:
posthog.capture(
    "Bob", 
    "user signed up", 
    {
        "login_type": "email", 
        "is_free_trial": "true"
    }
)
# What was expected to happen:
To see a network call like <x>
# What actually happened:
The network call looked like this, specifically "login_type" property was missing.
```

## Events are not ingested after being received by PostHog.

1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.
2. Right click one of the network requests to posthog.com (or eu.posthog.com if using the EU Cloud) and select Copy -> Copy as cURL.

> 3. [Send a support ticket via the app](https://app.posthog.com/home#supportModal) and include the copied cURL command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Send a support ticket via the app](https://app.posthog.com/home#supportModal) and include the copied cURL command.
```
I'd suggest:
3. try to send the curl directly
4. wait 1h and check if the event is still not in PostHog and also check that we're not having an active incident, that could be causing ingestion lag in status.posthog.com
5. support ticket

##  Still encountering issues?

> If those steps did not fix the issue, feel free to [get in touch with the support](https://posthog.com/docs/support-options). We try to respond to as many of these as we can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If those steps did not fix the issue, feel free to [get in touch with the support](https://app.posthog.com/home#supportModal). We try to respond to as many of these as we can.
```
^ much better for us if they use the in-app support as we get the team_id etc info

## Further reading

> - [Deploying a reverse proxy to PostHog Cloud](/docs/advanced/proxy)

Reviewer: Don't think we need to mention this here.
